AD-14 ADEMS Slate Introductions




Name


Brief political bio - a few sentences describing your background and priorities.


Nick Pilch


Former Council Member and Mayor of Albany, CA, currently Planning & Zoning Commissioner. Environmentalist, with special interest in alternative transportation and housing. Co-founded Albany Strollers & Rollers. While on Planning & Zoning and the Council, I worked on Albany’s Housing Element and San Pablo Avenue Specific Plan. Sierra Club Leader, currently elected to Sierra Club California Executive Committee and other Club leadership roles. Founding member of the Albany Democratic Club, former Associate at the Alameda County Democratic Central Committee. Former Software Engineering Manager, currently employed by BART as a Train Operator, Amalgamated Transit Union 1555 member.


Sarah Bell


I have been a pro-housing organizer in Berkeley since 2020. I'm currently a lead of East Bay YIMBY, on the Board of Stewards for East Bay for Everyone, and chair of the Sierra Club Northern Alameda County Housing Committee. I also serve on Berkeley’s Housing Advisory Commission. Professionally, I’m a software engineer, and I was a founding member of the Alphabet Workers Union, serving as chair of its Legislative Political Committee until I left the company in 2024.


Neil Tsutsui


I’m a scientist and Professor of Environmental Science, Policy, and Management at UC Berkeley. I’m also the Director of the UC Berkeley Central Sierra Field Research Stations, where I oversee the operations of two experimental forests, the Sagehen Creek Field Station, and the Central Sierra Snow Lab. I’ve served in a variety of environmental leadership positions including Chair of the Parks Advisory Committee for the East Bay Regional Park District, Chair of the El Cerrito Environmental Quality Committee, and Vice Chair of the West Contra Costa County Sierra Club.


Susan Wengraf


I served on the Berkeley City Council for sixteen years, representing the northeast portion of the
city. Prior to the City Council, I was on the Planning Commission and was also the President of
the Berkeley Democratic Club. Most recently I was Chair and a founding member of the East
Bay Wildfire Coalition of Governments (EBWC), advocating for a regional approach in Alameda
and Contra Costa counties to wildfire safety and mitigation. My focus of interests are housing
affordability, public safety and gun violence prevention, wildfire mitigation, accountability and
transparency in government.


Dilli Bhattarai
Dilli Bhattarai is a passionate advocate for sustainable transportation and regional connectivity. He is working to improve transit access for Hercules and the broader region. As a former Vice President of the PTO at Hercules High School and a Planning Commissioner, Dilli has a long history of community service. Now serving as a newly elected council member and Mayor for 2028, he is committed to fostering a vibrant, inclusive, and economically thriving Hercules and beyond. With over 20 years of experience managing large-scale finances in Silicon Valley, Dilli brings fiscal responsibility and strategic insight to public service.
Dilli Bhattarai is ready to represent AD-14 as an ADEM Delegate, advocating for sustainable growth, diversity, inclusive, equitable policies, and a brighter future for all. 


Andrea L. Dooley
I’m a writer and labor arbitrator who hears public and private sector grievance disputes throughout California in a broad range of industries. I’ve published two books on Labor Arbitration and am a member of the National Academy of Arbitrators. I served as an alternate member of the Oakland Police Commission at its inception in 2017 until 2019. I served as the President and Treasurer of the Oakland Technical High School Parent Teacher Student Association from 2020 until 2024. Prior to becoming a labor arbitrator, I was a partner at Weinberg, Roger & Rosenfeld, representing unions and their trust funds; the Northern California National Coordinator for the Coalition of Kaiser-Permanente Unions; and Safety Leader at Oakland and Richmond Kaiser Foundation Hospitals. I oversaw the AFL-CIO Voter Protection Project in Nevada during the 2008 election, and ran for the Alameda County Democratic Central Committee in 2008. As an ADEM delegate, I hope to bring my perspective on labor relations, police reform, and education, as well as my skills as a mediator and dispute resolution professional, to the table to best serve AD-14.


Teddy Vasquez Gray King
As mayor of Piedmont, I championed policies to promote housing, environmental stewardship, and improved transportation for Alameda County. Because of my efforts, Piedmont adopted a housing element that will allow construction of an historic number of homes so that families can work and live with dignity in Alameda County. As a staunch environmentalist, I passed two climate action plans that are reducing greenhouse gases; and to promote a carbon-free future, I passed legislation to build an all-electric public pool. As a member of the Alameda County Transportation Commission, I worked with representatives from throughout the county, as well as AC Transit and BART, to promote green, reliable transportation for the 21st Century. 


In addition, I’m a mom of three teenage kids, and a proud UC Berkeley graduate. I work as a public affairs consultant, and have served as an aide to a Democratic member of Congress and as chief of staff at the San Francisco Board of Supervisors. Traveling out of state to support Democrats in 2024 was a great joy and reinvigorated my commitment to do as much as I can, in any way that I can, to elect Democrats to office. 


Gabriel Sandoval
I am a dedicated public servant and have worked in the California State Senate for the past four years, serving the community through the COVID-19 pandemic, for former State Senator Nancy Skinner and now State Senator Jesse Arreguín. As a staffer, I manage casework for essential safety net programs, including the California Rental Assistance Program. I also meet with regional transit partners to ensure the community’s transit needs are heard. I believe my first-hand engagement with the community of AD-14 through my role would make me an excellent delegate as I have a direct ear to constituent concerns. 


Additionally, I serve as a Planning Commissioner in the City of Pinole, where I strive to be principled in my commitment to meeting the city’s housing needs and access to public transit. As a young professional of color, equity, social justice, and economic opportunity for all are at the core of my values. My professional experiences and personal perspectives help me closely understand the needs of AD-14 and be a more connected representative.




Y’Anad Burrell
I am a lifelong health equity advocate working to ensure access to quality healthcare and mental health and wellness resources throughout Alameda and Contra Costa counties. I’ve served as a Mental Health Commissioner for Contra Costa County and on the City of Richmond’s Housing Commission. Additionally, I have been a communications co-chair for Healthy Contra Costa (formerly Healthy Richmond) since 2017.
Since 2020, I have been serving as a Community Steering Committee and Path To Clean Air (PTCA) member for Richmond, North Richmond, and San Pablo, and I co-chaired the committee from 2020 – to 2023. Under my leadership as co-chair, the CSC finalized the PTCA Implementation Plan, which includes strategies to reduce harmful air pollution that impacts people where they live, work, and play.
I am a former instructor at San Francisco State University, for their Non-Profit Certificate program, and currently a freelance journalist with the Post News Group.


Laura Babitt
For the past 16 years, I’ve worked to create just and equitable public schools in Berkeley, CA. As a School Board member, through policy and effective budgeting, I prioritized children’s needs while also improving educator pay and benefits and average of 30%, improved college eligibility rates, expanded career technical programming, improved BUSD’s climate resilience & sustainability plan, and prioritized spending to impact Berkeley’s most vulnerable students. Through the lens of effective governance, I hope to lower CA’s poverty rates, improve its public schools, and create/support organizations which positively impact lives and outcomes for CA youth.